Docs: update docs migration path for api keys w. examples (#66463)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/administration/api-keys/index.md

1. Find the API Key you want to migrate.
1. Click **Migrate to service account**.

### Migrate API keys to Grafana service accounts for API calls

> This section shows you how to migrate API keys to Grafana service accounts specifically for the Grafana API. For references see: [Grafana Service Accounts for the Grafana API](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/developers/http_api/serviceaccount/).

Reviewer: This URL should redirect to the Service Account entry for the same documentation version you're in, not the latest.

I think you can achieve the same with a relative reference. Try the following code suggestion.

```suggestion
This section shows you how to migrate API keys to Grafana service accounts specifically for the Grafana API. For references see: [Grafana Service Accounts for the Grafana API]
({{< relref "..//service-accounts" >}})(https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/developers/http_api/serviceaccount/).
```

Author: is this relref working?

Author: wanted to point to the http documentation. il update

> This section shows you how to migrate API keys to Grafana service accounts specifically for the Grafana API. For references see: [Grafana Service Accounts for the Grafana API]({{< relref "../../developers/http_api/serviceaccount/#create-service-account" >}}).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This section shows you how to migrate API keys to Grafana service accounts for Grafana API workflows. For references see: [Grafana Service Accounts for the Grafana API]({{< relref "../../developers/http_api/serviceaccount/#create-service-account" >}}).
```

Author: i like the word workflow 👍

1. Remove code that handles the old `/api/auth/keys` endpoint.
1. Track the [API keys](http://localhost:3000/org/apikeys) in use and migrate them to SATs.

#### Example

Your current setup

```sh
curl -X POST -H "Content-Type: application/json" -d '{"name": "my-api-key", "role": "Viewer"}' http://admin:admin@localhost:3000/api/auth/keys

# response from the api
{"id":2,"name":"my-api-key","key":"eyJrIjoiTFRSN1RBOVc3SGhjblc0bWZodXZ3MnNDcU92Um5VZUIiLKJuIjoibXktYXBpLWtleSIsImlkIjoxfQ=="}%
```

New setup

```sh
# create a service account
curl -X POST -H "Content-Type: application/json" -d '{"name": "my-service-account", "role": "Viewer"}' http://admin:admin@localhost:3000/api/serviceaccounts

{"id":1,"name":"my-service-account","login":"sa-my-service-account","orgId":1,"isDisabled":false,"role":"Viewer","tokens":0,"avatarUrl":""}%

# create the service account token with the service account id

> curl -X POST -H "Content-Type: application/json" -d '{"name": "my-service-account-token"}' http://admin:admin@localhost:3000/api/serviceaccounts/1/tokens

Reviewer: Dumb question here: Is the service account id 1 in the url? I can see it reads 2 in the response.

I'm probably missing something here.

1. Remove code that handles the old `/api/auth/keys` endpoint.
1. Track the [API keys](http://localhost:3000/org/apikeys) in use and migrate them to SATs.

#### Example

Your current setup

```sh
curl -X POST -H "Content-Type: application/json" -d '{"name": "my-api-key", "role": "Viewer"}' http://admin:admin@localhost:3000/api/auth/keys

# response from the api
{"id":2,"name":"my-api-key","key":"eyJrIjoiTFRSN1RBOVc3SGhjblc0bWZodXZ3MnNDcU92Um5VZUIiLKJuIjoibXktYXBpLWtleSIsImlkIjoxfQ=="}%
```

New setup

```sh
# create a service account
curl -X POST -H "Content-Type: application/json" -d '{"name": "my-service-account", "role": "Viewer"}' http://admin:admin@localhost:3000/api/serviceaccounts

# response with the created service account id,name, login
{"id":1,"name":"my-service-account","login":"sa-my-service-account","orgId":1,"isDisabled":false,"role":"Viewer","tokens":0,"avatarUrl":""}%

# create the service account token with the service account id 1 - /serviceaccounts/{id} returned from the previous step
curl -X POST -H "Content-Type: application/json" -d '{"name": "my-service-account-token"}' http://admin:admin@localhost:3000/api/serviceaccounts/1/tokens

> # response with the created SAT id,name and key

Reviewer 2: Maybe worth adding something about how to use the key:
```suggestion
# response with the created SAT id, name and key. You can use the key the same way you used the API key.
```

Author: il make an example curl request with the newly created key as well

{"id":2,"name":"my-service-account-token","key":"glsa_9244xlVFZK0j8Lh4fU8Cz6Z5tO664zIi_7a762939"}%
```

> ### Migrate API keys to Grafana service accounts in Terraform

Author: do you think it makes sense to have here. i do not mind adding it here; in my mind we should add it to where the cloud API key resources are documented

> ### Migrate API keys to Grafana service accounts in Terraform

Author: this is being referenced in the migration path, so you are right we should cover all the cases here and link to this documentation where we can

> ### Migrate API keys to Grafana service accounts in Terraform

Author: @IevaVasiljeva added a cloud_stack section, we should perhaps link this in the terraform deprecation.

that's a nit but still worth doing
https://github.com/grafana/grafana/pull/66463/files#diff-c4c1af5af998db1aee80db11908b6110d96c2be202d40b4b758540ed7401c3f6R255

1. Specify the desired scopes and expiration date when creating the service account.
1. Use the token returned from `grafana_service_account_token` to authenticate the API requests.
1. Remove the terraform configuration for creating your `grafana_api_key` resources.

> **Example: your current terraform configuration**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Example: your current Terraform configuration**
```

```tf
terraform {
  required_providers {
    grafana = {
      source  = "grafana/grafana"
    }
  }
}

# configure the provider with basic auth
provider "grafana" {
  url  = "http://localhost:3000"
  auth = "admin:admin"
}

resource "grafana_api_key" "foo" {
  name = "key_foo"
  role = "Viewer"
}

resource "grafana_api_key" "bar" {
  name            = "key_bar"
  role            = "Admin"
  seconds_to_live = 30
}
```

**Your new terraform configuration**

> _Note:_ that we can create multiple tokens using one service account.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
_Note:_ you can create multiple tokens using one service account.
```
